Hello guys will come back in this video we will learn how to add a good idea to our product schema so
that it will see in the products in the moment to be database to the cloud part in real time.
So the first thing we need to do is we need to install a new dependency.
So what we do is we want to go to our polls show even a cancerous
and first thing we do is we want to do and we install mongoose the dash dash see
now we want to importante the Pennsy.
So let's go to product G-S under Morell's souls go to here.
We use to do
lot.
And the first thing you want to do is the cons one
goes to boy or girl the.
Now we want to add the plug in the mongoose plugin to a product schema.
So go ahead and do it right here on time.
For me I want to because I don't want to waste your time.
So you can see this all the attributes that we're going to add.
What we haven't added the value because some of the values that we need to take from people go to Web
site.
So it was good to go to the Web site and I'm going to copy this
here and download a copy of this piece here.
And even daks name is you want to go to the diocese and then it has to be the same as this one.
So I'm just going to copy them just click this copy here.
The selector is I mean the name or for example they actually use the new one.
I'll go to to actually select for example like name title you know images and so on.
So go ahead and top it off.
You need to
populate.
We want to populate That's name.
Is simple like mongooses want to populate owner and reviews and you want to select and name and reading
for example right from the information of the populate once populated to the owner and revues.
We want to select a name from the owner and rating from the next issue and type order.
Thanks.
So the average rating we get to actually copy from this copy it is something pieced here but the only
difference is is you want to change this duff
and since we have virtual So you want to copy this name and paste into some letters because we want
average reading to be part of it as well.
Finally
subjects are going to go through it one by one again ID it's just an idea of Ogilvy and APHC same thing
in next name will be the name in this in diciest So it is going to be on the one selector is as I said
we want to select all the attributes that we want to send to you.
But I tile EMH reviews description price owner created in every tree from the rituals and every one
property owner and reviews.
And we want to select name from owner rating from the default would be the altar and the value would
be a note.
So for mapping is when you want to modify something for example if you want to add you know like to
title for example you want to highlight.
Hello my name is.
And then title.
So you can't actually do that.
You can actually do and no my name is and this will be the title that you're going to get from Ogleby
itself.
So it's going to be Hello my name is and then the name of the title.
For example test the great night chicken for example.
So you can actually do this.
I'm just going to leave it as de-value self.
And finally it's rituals we want to add the average rating for every product on that as well.
So this is the reason why we at this and the book is you know if you're running your server on production
do you want to turn off the book because you don't want to like you know you want to see all the you
want to only turn it on is in all the on production.
I mean only on localhost when you are developing it.
So that's it.
So the final step that we need to take is we want to put mongoose model into a variable we want to put
this into a variable.
So we want to remove We want to cut this new model this and then we want to do it all.
You
set up
that's your goal.
And finally you want to add more.
So the reason why we are doing this because you know we need to add additional mongooses of a feature
to the model itself which is the product schema.
The first one is to sing to our goal.
So every time a seller created a product Aglaea was straight away seeing the newly created data in them
over the database straight to the goal itself.
You'll see it actually wrong.
It is really amazing.
So next thing is this is the part where you actually want to search for example like this is what you
want to search on the search engine itself.
What do you want to put in.
So the key what we are putting is title as this search will actually be you can at more for example
if you want to search by mange and so on.
But it's better we just search by how to make our lives easier.
So let's run this server and check the storage to see what it actually sings or not.
So go ahead and do this.
No
server.
Going to see ugly forms for example magic happens.
Awesome.
You haven't updated settings to zone all clear index synchronize next.
So do two hour.
And then those go ahead and refresh the speech
day you have it all the title object id and then all the attributes like EMH description price owner
and as well as the average rate team.
Awesome.
And one more thing that we populates it didn't name.
And reviews will be Liron Once you have review.
So we populate the path we choose the owner path and we select only name to be part of this awesome
next video.
We will learn how to create a search API based on Ogola.
I'll see you guys in the next video.